[Applause]
well welcome to the vlog
hello everyone its Alena and I'm back
whenever Cambridge blog and today I have
a supervision for international law but
I already have my first supervision of
the year yesterday for land law and it
went quite well
which is good I was really scared of
land law because it is really
complicated so yeah usually I like vlog
like you know of my own yeah like I'm
still like getting used to like looking
like I don't know I'm very embarrassed
if I do it in public
yeah anyway so today the plan is I'm
gonna stay here for a bit longer than
usual because I have to drop this off at
the post office because I applied for a
student loan which I don't really need
home because you have to apply for it in
order to be exempt from the college fee
which is a few thousand pounds so it's
worth applying for it but then you need
to cancel it again if you don't want it
so I have to go there drop this off and
then I go straight faculty I have one
lecture today and then later I'll have
my supervision so I'm gonna do now is
I'm gonna write down all my questions
that I have for today supervision and
then I think it should be fine timewise
now I'll just go get breakfast in the
battery and then the post office and
I'll go to the faculty and do some
readings for my jurisprudence
supervision which I have on Sunday so
yeah that's the plan of a day
[Music]
so I'm back in college now and I
basically have like a bit of time now
until my supervision of 3:30 so that's
about 12:30 now something what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna eat lunch now and I'm
not really that hungry so I think I'm
just gonna make myself some cereal and
just eat that um I can like here see Jen
judging me in my head because she's
always like cereal is the only breakfast
um but I don't eat cereal for breakfast
and just eat it like randomly throughout
the day whenever I'm hungry so that's
what I'm gonna eat um and then I'm gonna
have to do some more work so I'm
planning to you know go over my notes
for international or like one last time
and maybe add like you know just a
couple post-its to it and then I'm gonna
get to my work on jurisprudence
so jurisprudence is basically legal
philosophy it's a really really
interesting subject and I did a lot of
summer reading on it because I was very
worried about it
because it is very different to my other
subjects because it's not like you know
okay you have case a B and C and D and
you know you just apply them in a
problem question or something it doesn't
work that way um so it is quite a new
approach for me but I quite like it so
far
um and I have to finish my readings for
it my supervision is on Sunday so I
still have a lot of time but I am
planning to you know also start my
readings for my other supervisions
next week this week I'm hoping the
sentence makes sense but yeah basically
I'm just trying to work ahead as much as
I can so that's why so to plan that way
is I'm gonna eat and then I'm gonna do
more work because yeah that's pretty
much my life everyday in law school so
yeah let's get to it and I'm back in my
favorite study spot which do I also just
spend that last time-lapse which is just
banking it on my window and I can just
see people hunting by it's pretty fun I
like this place um I can I also like
look into rooms and here with fuzzy
socks which really don't match but
whatever but yeah this has become like
my new study spot in a way like I got
hand read and then I like go down to my
desk and I write all my notes um yeah
that's kind of like my new system I
don't know I really like reading here
because you have like really nice light
and you can like go outside and then
it's a really really beautiful place to
sit on I don't know I really really love
this spot I'm not sure if they like
intended that you can sit here but it's
pretty big like you can definitely like
actually fit two people here I think so
that's might come up here every once in
a while so yeah I'm just gonna keep
reading a little bit more for
jurisprudence
um it's a quite intense read like you
have to take notes in it like every few
paragraphs but it's really really
interesting so I'm just gonna keep doing
that and then I'm gonna go to my
supervision
yeah then I'll probably get back to work
because that's pretty much all I'm doing
many hours later oh my god I look so
professional guys see Jen suggested a
set of like I've found a place to put my
camera yeah I'm like a social media
consultant at this point yeah like if I
could pay her I would
I'm your friend
I pay you in love yes so anyway guys I
finished my first super um and it went
well but my professor actually said this
went really well no I'm saying thank God
I was so scared of his supervision
because I'm really excited for
international also I don't want to mess
up um so yeah but it went well um
and I'll say I had a lot of fun doing it
but I now only have handwritten notes
because we weren't allowed to bring
laptops into our supervision so I'm
going to type them because I am NOT a
fan of handwritten notes
I love making study notes and a
handwritten way but I can't do notes
that are handwritten really quick that
are then also pretty so I'm gonna type
it all out by jumping it will take that
much time because I know that I've been
doing but now I'm gonna go to McDonald's
because that's where I go when I'm happy
when I'm sad
any time basically but I have a limit
now which is two times a week the
problem is this is already my second
time and it's only Tuesday so we have a
problem but but in my defense yesterday
my laptop kind of died on me um so I
found out in the morning that it was
just gone and I had my first supervision
in like two hours so I need it
McDonald's she you know call myself and
now I need McDonald's to celebrate and
see Jen is hungry too so she's coming
with me I haven't had a language you
haven't had lunch well theoretically I
have sandwich at like 11:00 like 10:30 I
have a sandwich so I haven't had I had
like two biscuits and that's it so this
I'm going to get a mixer before a whole
tonight I think I'm getting chicken
McNuggets though I might be suede for
fries and the McFlurry we'll see anyway
it's McDonald's that's good let's go how
does it feel to be back at the good
place
I actually have food so I'm happy it's
like she looks really good but Smarties
in here so they can be right there so I
got myself some chicken McNuggets and
I'm just gonna eat these now and when we
start my book of the week which I
haven't chosen yet but there's one which
I do really want to read which I
recently got a Waterstone and this one
autonomous weapon systems which sounds a
bit I don't know weird and a bit scary
and creepy but it's I think more of like
a textbook style book and it wasn't a
loss section so it's about law and face
policies running out and yeah I think it
will be quite interesting I'll say like
I've picked it up and I was like whoa
that sounds kind of cool and this week I
have like a bit more free time because I
only have one Supervision beverages on
Sunday and it's jurisprudence and has
relatively little reading for
jurisprudence so I think I could conquer
a book like that in this week so yeah I
mean we'll see if it's realistic but I
think I'll just start reading that atmo
Chicken McNugget is and then I get back
to work
because I started reading this book and
I really really love it it's really
interesting because I basically asked
questions about you know for example
what does it do to you know your right
to dignified death if there is such a
thing um if you're killed by a robot
like you know is that still a dignified
death um things like that and do we even
have like a good justification or you
know using weapons which are basically
it used by robots and you know how much
control do we still have over them it's
really really interesting it's written
like more like a connection of essays
and it is quite low heavy I would say
even though it also says it talks about
ethics and policy and yes they are in
there
but I think if you're a law student and
you're doing international law that's
really interesting
we're just generally you know if you're
interested in that it's not written you
know to academically like I think you
can make sense of it even if you haven't
attended a low cost but it's a lot
easier to understand it if you are low
student but still the terminology it's
not that hard so I think it's fine but
yeah I really really like it I'm really
excited to read this if you guys are
interested in a book
gonna link it in the info box below as
usual and now it's time to get back to
work so what's gonna happen today is I'm
gonna write up my notes from my
international supervision and then I'm
gonna work on jurisprudence and we're
gonna see how far I get but yes since
that's pretty much the plan for the rest
of the day I think I'll end my vlog for
today here and then I'll see you guys
tomorrow morning good morning guys it's
the next day and I'm basically on my way
to debauchery but I do have some good
news because my laptop decided to come
back from the dead which is really
really good news
it was just wasn't really working
anymore like it was like Oh taking three
minutes to open Safari which is not
great so that wasn't good but it's back
but I'm still scared but it's like a
temporary thing and it's back so I still
have an appointment on Saturday and I'm
gonna go check it out but yeah now I'm
gonna go and get breakfast and then I'm
gonna go to the faculty because today I
have six hours of lectures which is a
lot um oh yeah we're gonna see how this
day goes I might have to stay down to 6
p.m. and I have a few breaks in between
lectures so I'm just gonna go and like
you know get food at some point and
hopefully get some works of
Jurisprudence done but yeah we're gonna
see how today goes and this is the
longest day of lectures I've ever had so
I don't really know like how exhausting
it will be because lectures are quite
intense because you have to really
really focus and take notes very very
quickly so yeah you're gonna see how the
day goes
wish me luck and yeah let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
hello this is a bad angle well there we
go and I you can see my face so I'm back
and it turns out I'm an idiot um who
doesn't really know how to do math
because it isn't 6:00 p.m. is 5:00 p.m.
Elena so my lectures ended five not six
the good news I guess but it's still six
hours of lectures and my brain is fried
like a Chicken McNugget and the problem
is I'm really hungry and the battery
isn't open yet so now we eating only
healthy thing ahead in my fridge which
is grapes which is not very much like
dinner I'm not attending that to be my
dinner but I just need something right
now so here's the plan I'm gonna eat
some grapes it's like get some energy
and then I think I'm gonna read a little
bit more my book but so far really but
you know like um is that I'm going to
get a new box if you're interested I
think if you were a little student it's
a really great read even if you're not
on all student I think you can
definitely you know get through it even
if you're not a student I just think
it's a bit easier if you have some
background but yeah so far like it I'm
just gonna read a little bit in that
because it's still like you know a
challenging read obviously but I don't
have to like you know take notes and I
constantly think oh well let me examine
under so whatever and I'm gonna eat some
graves in the process because yeah
that's all I had left that was somewhat
healthy so yeah I'm probably just gonna
like chill and I'm gonna get dinner at
6:00 hopefully in about dream unless I
get a week and you know I go to my
favorite place which I'm sure you can
guess which it is given my phone case so
yeah I might get week I mean at six
hours lectures today and I'm fried like
she can make nuggets so I feel like it's
fair if I get a week but at the same
time my few times a week limit has
already been used up and it's only
Wednesday are we doing good not really
but you know it's okay
maybe two times a week was a bit
ambitious for my McDonald's limit but
yeah now it's too late to change it so
all I can do is break it so yeah that's
the plan grapes autonomous weapon
systems and hopefully we'll stay strong
we go to debauchery when we might get
weak
we'll see five minutes later so it's a
little bit later and am i a weak little
girl who just you know runs to
McDonald's to drown her problems and she
can make that goods yes yes I am that's
fine
maybe not um my my girls consumption is
already at a concerning that bolon
business the first full week of lecture
so um this is not good to put it mildly
because this is McDonald's run number
three and it is Wednesday which means I
still have a few days in this week left
and I can do a lot of damage in these
few days regarding meatballs consumption
so it's not good but you know what I'm
reading on top of my academic work it's
like really on top so I feel like I
deserve it obviously don't listen to me
this is just me justifying getting junk
food it's not good um so here's what's
gonna happen I'm gonna eat this and then
I'm maybe gonna work a little bit more
maybe not I really have to see how I
feel about workout photos because this
was a very very exhausting day
especially because you know I didn't
really have like a real break in between
because in the law faculty you're always
just working and then for a lunch I
really had to eat my lunch like really
really quickly because it takes quite a
while to line up um so that wasn't great
so I think I'm gonna try to make myself
some lunch which is gonna be interesting
we just have no cooking skills but we're
gonna get there
um but yeah that's why I like the entire
day which is like really stressful so I
think we're just gonna eat this read a
little bit and chill and that's pretty
much it and then I'm gonna see if I'm
still willing to do work but honestly
I'm not really sure but that's okay but
there's one thing that I want to talk to
you guys about and that is how I felt
being back because now I've been you
know in lectures for five days because I
should start on Thursdays so I just
wanted to talk about that quickly
because you know when I came back
felt like kind of weird because I mean I
know that there's a pretty good chance
that quite a few people have seen my
video where I talked about intimidating
and where I publicly cried on the
internet um yeah not my best moment so
you know it's a bit weird to like you
know go back and know that some people
may have seen you cry cats crying is
quite personal and that they know that
you know you've dealt with a mental
health issue and stuff but honestly it
hasn't actually felt weird like in the
beginning our scared that maybe people
would look at me differently or anything
but that wasn't the case um like it's
still just as normal and hang I think
sometimes we just over think you know
ourselves and like we think everybody
you know analyzes us like all the time
which is not true everybody has their
own issues
um but yeah that was something I was
really really scared of you know regards
coming back but it's been absolutely
fine it's like one of these moments
where you realize how far from reality
your worries really are so yeah and I
just wanted to get it off my chest
because I've got them quite a few
questions on social media about how is
it being back for you and stuff and that
was something I was really really scared
of you know doing like going back I was
I was scared that it it was gonna be
weird and that I couldn't be happy here
anymore or anything but honestly I'm
really happy and I'm so much more
positive like I realized that in my vlog
during exams when I didn't give myself a
lot of crap you know for not being
perfect because I was really sick
um and I know last year I wouldn't have
had that outlook I wouldn't said oh but
I've done my best nonetheless and I'm
proud of myself I wouldn't said that and
that's why I think this year is really
different and yeah that's really good I
don't know this sounds like I'm a
self-help book but I mean it and I mean
that's good I guess but you know one
thing is a constant in my life and the
good and bad times
McDonald's is always here for you so
yeah they should pay me because I'm
literally like advertising so much for
them like honestly I would have so
ideas for like McDonald's marketing
campaigns it's not even funny so you
know in case law school doesn't work out
you know where I'll be applying for a
job yeah now I'm gonna eat my chicken
McNuggets read a little and maybe do
some work but yeah but we won't film
this because I mean you've seen me do
enough work for today
so I guess I'll see you guys tomorrow
morning and it's the next day and today
I have two lectures and I have a
two-hour break in between which is super
super chill what it's a two-hour break
they just realized
so that's beautiful so far we're gonna
just have lunch at the faculty because
we have like a sandwich coffee shop
there but the sandwich is not quite good
so I'm just gonna eat one of those and
then I'm gonna go to the UL afterwards
so do university library and I'm just
gonna study there because I love domain
Reading Room because you just sit there
and everybody around you is working and
I'm somebody who does respond to peer
pressure
in this scenario so you know it just
makes me want to work because I was I
feel guilty for not working so it's good
for like guilt wrapping yourself into
working so that's what I'm gonna do and
I'm just gonna bring my jurisprudence
work and my family law work because I
think I can finish jurisprudence in like
an hour ladies an hour and a half
because it's not that much reading but
it's quite intense so you know I want to
give myself sometimes like really work
through two texts because we have fairly
little text to read assigned so I think
we should deal with it more in detail
than you normally would with other
readings and I've stirred up I'm going
to start family law and yeah we're gonna
see how far I get with that my super
Asian family last next week so I serve
quite some time but obviously will be
great to finish it this week so yeah
that's the plan for today
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
so guys I'm back from the UL and it is
now almost 6:00 and we're on our way to
a contract lecture which isn't even
mandatory
I mean reasonableness is super
interesting okay I do that like I didn't
touch it nearly killed me but like it so
that's what we're doing one of the Law
Lords is coming so yeah that's what we
do in our free time because I'm dead
translation we have no life outside law
also my sandwich until all faculty was
horrible and I'm really really hungry so
it's the fourth time this week and it's
it's birthday so uh I still have a few
days to do more damage just go for like
seven four seven once a day
well we'll see as you guys later against
I guess you media Tata for lecture and
now weird Hong Kong fusion to get dinner
because I needed Hong Kong food and
we're really having Britney see Jen how
was our lecture I like I mean I find it
quite interesting
I quite I did like a bit of stuff future
interpretation and I find it yeah that's
the murdered also guys Dan he's a bit
camera shy that's okay but in case you
don't know he is the peasant behind the
can tweets all
I barely get any enforcement oh it's
Twitter account where you can basically
find out what it's like to study law at
Cambridge because you know he just told
you about his life is it all students
which i think is really really useful
account I do
Thanks so we're gonna get to know now
and then did you and I are gonna do the
thing that was essential to our
friendship next to McDonald's which is
going to Sainsbury's so we're back from
Sainsbury's and you know I was a bit
tired and that means that was
emotionally weak so I bought a lot of
snacks because that's what I do
so now we have a chocolate in the house
this is a change of chakra that I eat it
like whenever I'm stressed that is good
chocolate it is like during exam season
in Hong Kong I ate two of these on the
daily there's probably not good that's
probably the reason that bad skin but
yeah and then we got some bourbon
biscuits because I love them I love them
so much and some nurse um those who she
lost me like quite a while it's quite a
big package I love nuts yes oh and of
course the essence of life
thank God they only had four fries in
Sainsbury's there is a Chinese store
here so I'm gonna go there and I could
get someone but yeah that was my
Sainsbury's shop which is really you
know just a lot of unhealthy stuff
because that's kind of my thing
um but yeah that's it pretty much
and yep I think this will City end of
this vlog um I hope you guys enjoyed it
thank you so much for watching and if
you're interested in the book of the
week it's a me linked in the infobox
below so yep thank you guys so much for
watching have a nice day bye